Update from auto-update/renku-ui-3.0.0 (#2905)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

0.22.0
------

> Renku ``0.22.0`` introduces a brand new cross-entity search page to simplify
> discovering new resources. As a consequence, Projects and Datasets pages are
> phased out.
> 
> It also brings back project and dataset avatars, adding a basic image editor
> to simplify uploading new images.
> 
> You can find additional UI and Knowledge Graph features, as well as bug-fixes,
> on the following list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renku ``0.22.0`` introduces a simplified and more powerful search, now
powered by the Renku Knowledge Graph. Use the single integrated search bar
to discover projects and datasets across Renku.

Plus, after a few months away, Project and Dataset images are back! Upload an
image to your project or dataset (via the Settings menu) to add some pop to your
Renku project. You'll notice this change comes with a more compact look to
Project and Dataset page headers, too.

Read on for more detail on UI and Knowledge Graph improvements and bug-fixes
included in this release.
```

User-Facing Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**✨ Improvements**

> * 🔎 **UI**: Introduce a new cross-entity search page. Projects and Datasets
>   pages are phased out
>   (`#1894 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/1894>`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 🔎 **UI**: Introduce a new cross-entity search page for searching Projects and
  Datasets simultaneously. This search page replaces the separate Projects and
  Datasets pages
  (`#1894 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/1894>`_).
```
